README.md, before:

### Requirements to run this project locally
1. Java SDK 19
2. Docker

### Running Docker containers
1. Access the folder where docker-compose.yml is located
2. Run the command:
```
docker compose up -d 
```
### Connecting to Postgres using PGAdmin
1. Access PGAdmin on any web browser using the address: http://localhost:5050/
2. Create a server with the following configuration:
```
Name: Any Name
Host name/address: host.docker.internal
Port: 5432
Username: postgres
Password: changeme
```

### 💡 Testing Spring Batch by importing a local .csv file
In order to test the spring batch using a local file, I included a python script 
that generates Characters and stores them into a .csv file which can be imported by the application.

### 💡 Testing Spring Batch by importing a file from Bucket S3
In order to test the spring batch using S3, ... WIP

### ✅ Some features of this project
1. Factory and Strategy patterns
2. (WIP) Read file from Bucket S3 and import using Spring Batch
3. (TODO) Sync and Async functions

### 📖 Developer`s Notes
* Why should we use **Spring Batch**?
1. Spring Batch is ideal for processing large volumes of data. 
2. State Management and Transactions: It provides resources to control transactions and avoid data loss.
3. Recovering: In case of an error it can recover from the last control point.
4. Chunks: The usage of chunks avoids high memory consumption

Commit message:

feat(POC): Batch updated to save on Database, python script updated, README updated

README.md, after:

### About
This is a personal project that I created in order to improve my skills. It is a backend for an App that can create and visualize Dungeons & Dragons character sheets (**WIP**).
Also, it`s a great way to remember how things works and apply it to other projects.

### ✅ Some features of this project
1. Factory and Strategy patterns
2. Python script that generates a .csv file with N characters
2. (WIP) Read .csv file and import using Spring Batch
2. (TODO) Read file from Bucket S3 and import using Spring Batch
3. (TODO) Sync and Async functions
4. (TODO) Expose the (micro?)service on some API Gateway
5. (TODO) Implement something that uses a message broker (Maybe kafka)
6. (TODO) SNS
7. (TODO) SQS
8. (TODO) Endpoint to check progress on batch import
9. (TODO) Deploy application on AWS or Heroku
10. (TODO) Use Jenkins
11. (TODO) OpenAPI documentation

### Requirements to run this project locally
1. Java SDK 19
2. Docker

### Running Docker containers
1. Access the folder where docker-compose.yml is located
2. Run the command:
```
docker compose up -d 
```
### Connecting to Postgres using PGAdmin
1. Access PGAdmin on any web browser using the address: http://localhost:5050/
2. Create a server with the following configuration:
```
Name: Any Name
Host name/address: host.docker.internal
Port: 5432
Username: postgres
Password: changeme
```

### 💡 Testing Spring Batch by importing a local .csv file
In order to test the spring batch using a local file, I included a python script 
that generates Characters and stores them into a .csv file which can be imported by the application.

### 💡 Testing Spring Batch by importing a file from Bucket S3
In order to test the spring batch using S3, ... WIP

### 📖 Developer`s Notes
🟢 Why should we use **Spring Batch**?
1. Spring Batch is ideal for processing large volumes of data. 
2. State Management and Transactions: It provides resources to control transactions and avoid data loss.
3. Recovering: In case of an error it can recover from the last control point.
4. Chunks: The usage of chunks avoids high memory consumption

🟢 SOLID Principles (WIP)

* S 
* O 
* L 
* I 
* D
